Integration changes (#68)
music-assistant/music-assistant.github.io: docs/integration/index.md

- If music is playing this will be temporarily paused and restored after the announcement
- Players will be powered on before the announcement and then off again if it was not powered/active before the announcement
- Volume can be increased while playing the announcement
- If a player type has native support for announcements (e.g. Sonos) then that will be used in preference to the MA functionality providing an even smoother experience
- Works with all players that are supported by Music Assistant
- For TTS (Text to Speech) announcements, support is provided for prepending it with a "pre announcement sound". This sound can be enabled/disabled in the HA integration options
- Each player has settings which allow for adjustment of certain aspects of the announcement playback

With some additional setup voice control of MA via HA is also possible.

> The integration can connect to the MA server which is running as a HA addon or if it is running separately in a docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration can connect to the MA server which is running either as an HA addon or as a docker container on the same or another host system.
```
